were you even listening to me uh yeah
you've been a little out of it recently
is everything okay sorry i had to wake
up real early for work this one I mean
having these dreams lately what was that
nothing just seemed like you've been so
stressed Ellie everything's going to be
all right okay we're talking together I
mean how long have you been dating five
years yeah I guess you're right most
couples usually still down when you
settle down yeah you know all my friends
are getting married and having kids
around kids
I've get a call hello baby where are you
yeah I got a good fastball
are you there
hey you haven't been answering like home
thought you know never think of cheating
on me know or something sleep with
someone and leave them I mean to my
boyfriend right and anyway I would know
I don't know oh hi is that yeah he is i
miss girlfriends are you talking that
I've been dating a new five years what
you cheated on me no judge me who are
you my name is Catherine I his
girlfriend no this is a nightmare
hello everyone I'm at a metal chick here
to review a video game so Catherine is a
platformer video game with erotic horror
themes when i was playing this I was
completely immersed in the game and even
sacrificed my own state to play it I
thought she did because of a nightmare
shut up well it's pretty intense there
are spikes demons corpses falling blocks
giant killer Forks and finally the fear
of commitment I think I'm pregnant so
you might be wondering what is this game
captain about the game is about a 32
year old man named Vincent this is in a
secure relationship with the woman named
Katherine she's sweet intelligent and
most of all faithful to him and they've
been dating for five years one day she
dropped the hint that she wants to get
married to him but Vincent feels that he
isn't ready his friends console him and
that night he goes to the bar to ease
its troubles in a drunk state of mind he
meets another girl named Katherine with
the sea who appears to be the girl of
his dreams the next morning he wakes up
with her beside him ever since he
cheated on Katherine with Katherine he
continues to have reoccurring nightmares
he doesn't get a chance to tell
Katherine that he already has a
girlfriend these one-night stands
continue and it becomes more and more
difficult for him to make choices
Vincent must choose between commitment
and family or lust and freedom last
night was amazing oh wait what did I do
just so long as you never think of
cheating on me it is rumored in the news
that a lot of young men have been dying
in their sleep these young men have all
been cheaters and Vincent fears that the
same will happen to him in his sleep the
main gameplay consists of Vincent
jumping climbing and moving blocks in
order to escape the nightmare and move
upwards to safety you are given advice
by sheep who appear to be in the same
situation it's Vincent the puzzle aspect
of this platform is a combination
between professor layton and Tetris
which requires the player to make quick
decisions and find the safest path to
the top of the tower oh yeah did i
mention there is a time limit if you're
not going to puzzle games and have a
panic attack during time limits then you
might want to play this game on the
settings you're going to be chased up
the tower by demonic incarnations of the
characters that represent a physical
manifestation of Vincent's own fears my
personal favorite is a giant Fork
another unique component of Katherine
are the interaction between characters
these interactions may be in the form of
conversations text messages phone calls
and emails which directly influence the
morality meter the morality meet our
judges the players decisions on a good
or evil scale directly changes to flow
the game by introducing different
cutscenes and various endings the
convoluted plot makes decisions
difficult and always bring something new
to the table Catherine soundtrack is
fantastic with much variety and utilizes
famous classical music there's
everything from remix classical music
alternative rock and intense
compositions kudos to the composer
showed you my gurus who also wrote the
music for the persona series the
graphics and animation jumps from style
to style featuring anime great graphics
computer-generated graphics and a whole
host of other unique styles the video
game is a treat to behold visually in
addition to the excellent music and
script the English dubbing cast was
superb in their performances in the
American release of Catherine the game
was released on July 26 2010 in the
United States and it's well worth the
price of sixty dollars there is the xbox
version which features Catherine on the
cover and the ps3 version which features
the other Catherine so thanks for
watching my review I also drew a picture
of Catherine but it's not quite finished
yet just go to my anna metal chick
deviantart and i'll post it there when
it's finished be sure to give me
feedback because I love receiving
constructive comment so I would like to
ask everyone questions would you choose
captain with the seat or Catherine ova k
I can shop it's better so and a little
fun fact my real name is Katherine so
with that being said I video I do I have
a date with my Vincent